Add LSP console description to DEVELOPING.md (#692)
OpenLiberty/liberty-tools-intellij: DEVELOPING.md

1. Clone this repository: `git clone git@github.com:OpenLiberty/liberty-tools-intellij.git`
2. Clone the lsp4ij repository: `git clone git@github.com:MicroShed/lsp4ij.git`

> 3. Build lsp4ij and save it in your local Maven repository: `./gradlew publishToMavenLocal` (just build the jar: `./gradlew jar`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Build lsp4ij and save it in your local Maven repository: `./gradlew publishToMavenLocal`. Alternatively, build only the jar: `./gradlew jar`
```

Author: Fixed

> 3. Build lsp4ij and save it in your local Maven repository: `./gradlew publishToMavenLocal`. Alternatively, build only the jar: `./gradlew jar`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Build lsp4ij and save it in your local Maven repository: `cd` to your local lsp4ij repository and run `./gradlew publishToMavenLocal`. Alternatively, build only the jar: `./gradlew jar`
```

> 3. Build lsp4ij and save it in your local Maven repository: `cd` to your local lsp4ij repository and run `./gradlew publishToMavenLocal`. Alternatively, build only the jar: `./gradlew jar`

Reviewer: > your local lsp4ij repository

Does this mean the same repo you cloned in the previous step?

Author: Yes, that is what it is referring to.

> 3. Build lsp4ij and save it in your local Maven repository: `cd` to your local lsp4ij repository and run `./gradlew publishToMavenLocal`. Alternatively, build only the jar: `./gradlew jar`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To build lsp4ij and save it in your local Maven repository, fun the following command from your local lsp4ij repository: `./gradlew publishToMavenLocal`. Alternatively, to build only the jar, run: `./gradlew jar`
```

Author: The person needs to build lsp4ij for this to work. "To build" sounds like it is optional. Are you assuming the person might already have done this? Indeed they only need to do it once. By the same token, "Alternatively" is not really an alternate because the build will not work if they do that unless they already know how to get the jar into their local maven repository. I just want to educate them how to build just the jar in case the need to one day. Since the step is not necessary should we remove the last sentence?

Reviewer 2: Can we do something like this?

3. Build lsp4ij and save the jar to your local Maven repository by running the following command from your local clone of the lsp4ij repository: `./gradlew publishToMavenLocal`. If you only want to build the jar without publishing, you can run the following command: `./gradlew jar`.

Reviewer: I'd say remove it, or add it as an optional sub-step with a little more context, so it's clear when/if you need to do that. I'll revise my suggestion

Reviewer: @TrevCraw's  suggestion LGTM

Reviewer 2: Decision to go with:

3. Build lsp4ij and save the jar to your local Maven repository by running the following command from your local clone of the lsp4ij repository: `./gradlew publishToMavenLocal`.

Author: Going with the idea below.

> 3. Build lsp4ij and save it in your local Maven repository: `cd` to your local lsp4ij repository and run `./gradlew publishToMavenLocal`. Alternatively, build only the jar: `./gradlew jar`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Build lsp4ij and save it in your local Maven repository. Run the following command from your local clone of the lsp4ij repository: `./gradlew publishToMavenLocal`.
```

1. Follow the Eclipse LSP4MP [build instructions](https://github.com/eclipse/lsp4mp#getting-started) to build the `org.eclipse.lsp4mp.ls-x.x.x-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar`. You do not need to build the `lsp4mp.jdt` component.
2. In the [build.gradle file](build.gradle), update references to the `org.eclipse.lsp4mp.ls` to point to the version built in the previous step.

### Monitoring Language Server Messages

> 1. Click on the `Language Servers` tool window in the IntelliJ IDE to show the `LSP Consoles`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on the **Language Servers** tool window in the IntelliJ IDE to show the **LSP Consoles**.
```

Reviewer: for consistency, recommend bold for UI elements, monospace for code.

Author: Ok, I fixed the next line too.

> 2. Select the language server you wish to monitor and next to `Trace` select `messages` or `verbose`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the language server you wish to monitor and then select **Trace**  > **messages** or **verbose**.
```

Reviewer: we should avoid directional language ("next to") for accessibility compliance. Not surte if my suggestion will make sense in context though

Author: I'll make it **Trace:**

> 3. Messages to and from the language server will appear in the console allowing you to verify the messages sent in response to user actions in the IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Messages to and from the language server will appear in the console, so you can verify the messages sent in response to user actions in the IDE.
```

Author: Fixed

1. Follow the Eclipse LSP4MP [build instructions](https://github.com/eclipse/lsp4mp#getting-started) to build the `org.eclipse.lsp4mp.ls-x.x.x-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar`. You do not need to build the `lsp4mp.jdt` component.
2. In the [build.gradle file](build.gradle), update references to the `org.eclipse.lsp4mp.ls` to point to the version built in the previous step.

> ### Monitoring Language Server Messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Monitoring Language Server messages
```

Author: As long as we're talking, shouldn't we use title caps here? Or maybe Language and Server could be lower case too?

Reviewer: Yes- I noticed that in the unedited section of the doc "Lanaguage Server" is capitalized in the titles, so I left it capitalized here for consistency. But probably more correct to change this and the other instances to lowercase ( except "Language servers")

> 1. Click on the **Language Servers** tool window in the IntelliJ IDE to show the **LSP Consoles**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Language Servers** tool window in the IntelliJ IDE to show the **LSP Consoles**.
```

2. Select the language server you wish to monitor and then select **Trace:**  **messages** or **verbose**.
3. Messages to and from the language server will appear in the console, so you can verify the messages sent in response to user actions in the IDE.

> For more information see the [User Guide](https://github.com/redhat-developer/lsp4ij/blob/main/docs/UserGuide.md#lsp-console)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information see the [LSP console user guide](https://github.com/redhat-developer/lsp4ij/blob/main/docs/UserGuide.md#lsp-console)
```

> For more information see the [LSP console user guide](https://github.com/redhat-developer/lsp4ij/blob/main/docs/UserGuide.md#lsp-console)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [LSP console user guide](https://github.com/redhat-developer/lsp4ij/blob/main/docs/UserGuide.md#lsp-console)
```
